[MRG] Added test for Incremental pca value error fix (#17985)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

  argument `rotation`, which can take the value `None`, `'varimax'` or `'quartimax'.`
  :pr:`11064` by :user:`Jona Sassenhagen <jona-sassenhagen>`.

- |Fix| :func:`decomposition.IncrementalPCA.partial_fit` handles overflow error

>   in mean correction.`

Reviewer: maybe "prevent overflow in :func:... for large `batch_size` and `n_samples` values?

Author: sounds better. I'll make the change.

> - |Fix| :func:`decomposition.IncrementalPCA` prevents overflow error
>   in partial_fit for large batch_size and n_samples values.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| Avoid overflows on Windows in :func:`decomposition.IncrementalPCA.partial_fit`
  for large ``batch_size`` and ``n_samples`` values.`
```
